
                              JMB Software, Inc.

                     TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE AGREEMENT

READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS CAREFULLY BEFORE INSTALLING THE
SOFTWARE. DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING OR USING SOFTWARE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE
OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS, DO NOT PROCEED TO THE NEXT SCREEN.


1. License.  In this license agreement ("License Agreement"), you, the
purchaser of the license rights granted by this Agreement, are referred to as
"Licensee" or "You."  In accordance with the terms and conditions of this
License Agreement, JMB Software, Inc. ("Licensor" or "us" or "we") grants
Licensee the non-exclusive license to use the accompanying software
("Software") and documentation ("Documentation").  In this License Agreement,
the Software and Documentation and any copies or modifications are referred to
as the "Licensed Product."  All rights to and in the Licensed Product, all
copies and derivative works, including, but not limited to, copyrights and
trade secret rights, belong to Licensor and Licensor holds title to each copy
of the Software.  The Software shall only be used in conjunction with one web
site.  Licensee is required to purchase additional licenses of the Licensed
Product for each additional web site.  Use of the Software on more than one web
site without proper licensing will result in termination of all of Licensee's
rights to use the Licensed Product.  Licensee's login information for the
Owners Lounge is for use of Licensee only.  Licensee shall not provide Owners
Lounge login information to any third party under any circumstance, and this
Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of such action.  Licensee
shall not transfer or distribute the Licensed Product to others, and this
Agreement shall automatically terminate in the event of such a transfer or
distribution.  Licensee shall not copy, modify or create derivative works the
Licensed Product, except as provided for herein and to make one copy the
Software for the sole purpose of backup as long as all copyright and other
notices are reproduced and included on the backup copy.


2. Term and Termination.  This License Agreement is effective until
terminated.  Licensor may terminate this License Agreement if Licensee
breaches any of the terms and conditions contained herein.  Upon termination of
this License Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall permanently destroy all
copies of the Licensed Product.  All provisions of this Agreement relating to
disclaimers of warranties, limitation of liability, remedies, or damages, and
Licensor's proprietary rights shall survive termination.


3. Restrictions On Transfer and Use.  Licensee may not transfer, in
whole or in part, the Licensed Product to any third party, including a transfer
contemporaneously with the sale of the web site, assets or stock of Licensee.
Any attempt to sublicense, assign, or transfer any of the rights, duties, or
obligations hereunder is void.  Use of the Software for remote hosting of
software for third parties is forbidden and may result in termination of your
License Agreement.


4. Limited Warranty.  Licensor does not warrant that the functions
contained in the Licensed Product will meet Licensee's requirements or that the
operation of the Software will be uninterrupted or error-free.

THE LICENSED PRODUCT IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. LICENSOR
DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED IN THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET YOUR
REQUIREMENTS OR THAT THE OPERATION OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR
ERROR FREE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE LICENSED
PRODUCT IS WITH LICENSEE.

Some states do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so the above
exclusion may not apply to you.  This warranty gives you specific legal rights,
and you may also have other rights that vary from state to state.


5. Limitation Of Liability.  LICENSOR'S SOLE OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY
UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS THE REPLACEMENT OF DEFECTIVE MEDIA. IN NO EVENT WILL
LICENSOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, DIRECT OR
INDIRECT DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOSS OF DATA, OR LOSS OF
PROFITS OR LOST SAVINGS OR LOSS OF USE, ARISING OUT OF USE OF OR INABILITY TO
USE THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION OR FOR ANY INSTALLATION SERVICES, EVEN IF
LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY CLAIM
BY ANY THIRD PARTY. IF LICENSOR IS FOUND LIABLE FOR DAMAGES BY A COURT OF LAW,
THEN THE MAXIMUM, IN THE AGGREGATE, OF DAMAGES SHALL BE THE AMOUNT THE PAID BY
THE LICENSEE TO LICENSOR HEREUNDER.


6. General.  Any attempt to sublicense, assign or transfer any of the
rights, duties or obligations hereunder is void.  This Agreement shall be
governed by and interpreted under the substantive and procedural laws of the
State of Iowa, without regard to conflicts of provisions. All disputes shall be
resolved in the courts located in Linn County, Iowa.  Licensee's obligations
hereunder shall at all times be subject to the export control laws and
regulations mandated by the Federal Government.  You agree that you will comply
with all export control laws and regulations.


7. Technical Support.  Software is provided as-is and does not include
any official tech support from Licensor.  A forum is available where questions
can be posted for other owners to view and respond.


8. Refund Policy.  We do not refund any monies for return of the
Licensed Product.  ALL SALES ARE FINAL.  The operating system and other
requirements are clearly stated, so make sure that your system meets those
requirements before you purchase the Licensed Product.


9. Confidentiality and Linking. Your personal information will be kept
confidential and will not be disclosed to a third party unless we are presented
with a court order ordering us to do so.  The Software may enable collection of
personally identifiable information and you as the owner are solely responsible
for compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.

We reserve the right to use your web site URL as an example for other potential
customers to view.  We reserve the right to link to your site whenever you are
using the Software.  The Software contains links to our web site at the bottom
of some of the pages. This is done to provide us with an inexpensive way of
advertising, and in turn allows us to offer you the most affordable prices
possible.  Removal or alteration any of these links is strictly forbidden.  If
your web site is found to have removed or altered the link, your Owner's Lounge
access will be permanently disabled and this License Agreement terminated.  We
offer a special version of the Software for an additional fee that does not
contain links to our site.  Beta or other types of test releases may not have a
link removed version available.

